just when you thought they couldn't
possibly come up with another gimmick or
razor variation I give you the gillette
fusion proglide with flexball technology
gillette the same people that brought
you back in the day the Mach 3 the Mach
3 everybody knows that you've heard of
it you've probably owned one or have
used one alright this at the time was
cutting edge shave tech right three
blades that no but three blades what are
they crazy yeah and the guys over July
were like real little bit crazy and we
need to sell razors from three blades
fast forward to today and Gillette now
would have you believe that if you are
using the Mach three you might as well
be shaving with a shell it's totally
barbaric so they've come out with
something called the fusion right the
fusion it's got five gorgeous glorious
blades made of these sharpest stainless
steel the fusion a five blade razor
actually six because they got one on the
back so that you can actually control
this thing alright so they're like oh
yeah either celebrating throwin fusion
parties right because they're so excited
about this new cutting edge razor that
you just have to have well we get
through the launch you're like alright
we need them we got to be thinking ahead
and figuring out what's next and so
what's next they actually added a
battery turn your regular razor into a
vibrating tool that your wife will love
so your razor is now vibrating and you
shave your face and what is supposed to
happen is that those vibrations are
actually causing your hairs on your face
to stand up allowing you to get closer
does it work come on seriously seriously
this is just an example of another
gimmick to sell razors and it really
personally pisses me off
so now let's go over the next Gillette
razor that they wanted to pawn off on
your asses bringing us to one of Alpha
M's biggest pet peeves and that is the
fact that these razor companies feel the
need to keep reinventing razors when
good enough would have done six years
ago all right
than an attempt to keep you buying
razors you want to impress me July come
up with a blade that doesn't get dull
after six uses yeah oh you can make a
razor that can shave your butthole and
not cut you but you can't make a razor
blade that will last give me a break
that's ridiculous you just want to sell
razors and so today I thought we'd do a
review of the newest most amazing razor
ever to grace your stubble the Gillette
Fusion ProGlide with rollerball
technology so a few weeks ago I get an
email from Gillette's PR person and
they're like hey we want to send you the
newest razor it's not even out yet
you're gonna get a sneak peak at this
thing I'm like really awesome I don't
want it and she goes no seriously we
want I actually told them I did not want
this razor and they're like seriously we
just want to send it to you do whatever
you want with it we don't even need a
review I'm like oh cool
send me the razor so they send me a
razor and it arrives in a Pelican case
it's this big box all right I'm going to
show you yeah I person like I got this
box on my hook is a razor this is why
they call so much because they're
sending crap like this out please yours
does not come in a cool box like this it
comes in a little dinky plastic one you
open it yes
razors to the old fusion and the new
fusion with rollerball technology and in
the bottom yeah you guessed it some
shave cream it also came with a manual
explaining why there is such a need for
this little rollerball they sent as
manual right with all these explaining
the problem and why this razor is the
solution and basically it's got a bunch
of pictures of all these guys making
stupid faces inspired by shape face
before I get down to business and
actually demonstrate the technology
behind the razor I would like to read
from the manual all right talk to you
tell you a little bit more about the
inspiration behind this amazing product
and razor for more than a century men
have shaved in straight lines but faces
our angular and curved with cliffs and
peak swells
delves and shaving on this particular
curved surface is particularly
challenging this is crap let's try the
razor behold the rollerball as it that
is what all the fuss is about gentlemen
and apparently that is going to rock my
shaving world get ready there you go
alright let's give it a whirl shall we
hey it shaves
I can't get up like in my mustache and
alright it's just to this thing it's
huge
as far as like the technology what I'm
supposed to be experiencing I can't even
because I don't I'm not like carp it's
not like you don't do that with your
face you don't do that with your razor
you will cut the crap out of yourself I
don't care if you got a pivoting head or
not Gillette the verdict is in not only
do I not like the fusion this rollerball
technology I think is a total crock of
crap just to sell you another razor the
cost around $15 these aren't actually in
the store yet all right you can
pre-order it there's a link below if you
want to go check it out over at Amazon
the replacement cartridge is eight for
$30
like I said Gillette you want to impress
me make a razor that you can use for a
year and for those of you watching if
you want to know a secret to keeping
your blade actually sharp and last
longer dry it off when you're finished
okay rinse it off and then dry it use a
hairdryer blow on it get all the
condensation off of the blades it's not
actually the hair that is dulling the
blade it's the water left on there or
the condensation that is actually
eroding it causing it to pit and get
dull as with a razor I love it I'm just
kidding this whole thing I love it my
god Gillette sell it to somebody else is
there but I ain't buying